hi everyone Lucy here and today we're
gonna look more at the TOEFL listening
test and specifically today we're going
to focus on conversation skill 3
function so in today's lesson first
we're going to describe the task next
we're going to talk about the method and
finally it's time for you to do some
practice on your own so the purpose of
today's lesson is to understand exactly
how to complete them listening function
question type ok so in this particular
question type the function we're going
to first look at the task what exactly
is involved well you need to identify
the function of a particular phrase so
why someone set a particular thing now
this sounds a bit strange but
essentially you're looking at maybe a
phrase or a sentence and you need to
understand why the person says that what
is the deeper meaning behind what they
said ok
perhaps this will make a little bit more
sense when you see a couple of examples
which will show you now first of all
let's look at the method of this
question ok so step one you're going to
listen to the audio and take notes ok
now remember when you're taking notes
you need to have your pen and paper
available if you don't already and you
don't need to write full sentences just
some key words and key ideas remember
you don't have time to write full
sentences and they're not going to help
you to answer the question anyway ok so
now we're going to listen to the
conversation okay are you ready here's
the conversation Kathy hey oh hi Richard
I didn't see you in class today I got an
extra handout from professor Matthews
for you oh thanks I was at the library
studying for the exam tomorrow I've been
really stressed out about it you know it
counts for 50% of our total grade yeah
but don't sweat it it's gonna be a walk
in the park you know all the theories
and you've been studying all semester
plus he said that it's only gonna be the
first five chapters yeah you're right I
just don't want to lower my GPA do you
want our review studying us tonight no I
can't I already promised Melinda I'd
help her with her term paper
okay I hope you were able to make some
useful notes from that let's take a look
at some example notes from that
conversation so we have Richard not in
class studying in library stressed about
exam and Kathy don't worry
easy so you can see how simple these
notes are they don't have to be
extremely complicated or extremely long
you just need to keep in mind the main
ideas of the conversation okay what's
our next step our next step is to look
at the question now in this particular
conversation function question you may
have to listen to part of the
conversation again before you can answer
the question because again remember
they're looking at the meaning the
purpose behind why somebody said one
particular sentence or phrase so let's
listen to part of the conversation again
and then answer the question yeah but
don't sweat it it's gonna be a walk in
the park you know all the theories and
you've been studying all semester plus
he said that it's only gonna be the
first five chapters okay so now it's
time to actually answer the question
let's first take a look at our question
and here it is so it says why does the
student say this it's gonna be a walk in
the park
was it a to indicate that she's not
prepared for the exam B to indicate that
she will go for a walk after the exam C
to express fear about the exam or indeed
to express confidence about the exam
okay what's our next step well our next
step is for you to think about why the
person said what they did again the
function and to eliminate answers that
don't match so again let's take a look
at the question I want you to look at
the possible answer choices and
eliminate any that are obviously wrong
any
do not match
okay so now that you've eliminated any
obviously wrong answer choices it's time
for step four okay which obviously is to
choose the best answer all right you're
trying to choose the answer that best
matches why the speaker said what they
sent okay before I show you the answer
have you chosen an answer for yourself
okay so what is the answer to this
question the answer is D to express
confidence about the exam okay so now
that we've shown you an example it's
time for you to do your own practice
okay so remember that the first step is
going to be to listen and take notes so
if you don't already make sure you have
a paper and pen available all right so
here is your practice conversation I'm
having trouble signing up for advanced
German hmm let me check your file are
you a first year student no a second
year I'm transferring from from another
school oh okay and you took intermediate
German there yes okay well it looks like
our system isn't recognizing your credit
for that course so you'll need to either
retake beginning German or take a
placement test in the German Department
to show that you're ready for the
Advanced Course wait no I don't get it
why isn't the credit recognized
I'm not sure the system won't tell me
but there's nothing I can do to change
it so until you take the placement test
you won't be able to register but that's
so silly
I'm already taking the course all right
fine
where can I have the placement test you
can go to the German Department anytime
between let me check any time between 9
a.m. and 3 p.m. Monday to Friday the
German Department yeah it's in building
11 on the fourth floor is that
everything you needed help with today
yeah Thanks
okay I hope you were able to take some
useful notes now it's time for you to
look at the question and remember you
may need to listen to part of the
conversation again to answer the
question you can go to the German
Department anytime between let me check
any time between 9 a.m. and 3 p.m.
Monday to Friday the German Department
yeah it's in building 11 on the fourth
floor here is the question the German
Department okay what do you think were
you able to eliminate any wrong answered
choices are there any answers that you
feel confident about well let's take a
look at the answer and the answer is B
to indicate that he needs more
information about the department all
right and how did you go hopefully you
were able to take some helpful notes and
answer the question remember if you have
any trouble taking notes this is a
really important skill to have and it's
important that you practice this so
don't be afraid to do some extra
listening in your own time okay thank
you so much for watching and remember if
you have any questions or any problems
feel free to check out our website at e2
language comm thanks again and I'll see
you next time bye